docs: add instructions for async ESLint isPathIgnored (#937)
okonet/lint-staged: README.md

    'eslint --max-warnings=0 ' + files.filter((file) => !cli.isPathIgnored(file)).join(' ')
}
```

#### ESlint >= 7

> In versions of ESlint > 7, isPathIgnored is an async function and now returns a promise, see: https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/nodejs-api#-eslintispathignoredfilepath. The code below can be used to reinstate the above functionality.

Reviewer: Here as well:

```suggestion
In versions of ESlint > 7, [isPathIgnored is an async function](https://eslint.org/docs/developer-guide/nodejs-api#-eslintispathignoredfilepath) and now returns a promise. The code below can be used to reinstate the above functionality.
```

This particular code uses a tiny package, `node-filter-async` (https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-filter-async), to filter the files array with an async function, If you prefer to not have an extra dependency, it is quite simple to write a similar function.

> Since 10.5.3 (https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged/releases), any errors due to a bad eslint config will come through to the console.

Reviewer: Can we hide the link behind the version number?

```suggestion
Since [v10.5.3](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged/releases/tag/v10.5.3) any errors due to a bad eslint config will come through to the console.
```
